MY OBSERVATION
Teaching Python in my local community, I realized that the greatest distance to STEM isn't difficulty-it is distance. At first, my students viewed coding as this 'foreign' language intended for faraway tech hubs. 
But the moment we started to shift from textbook logic to the development of a simple command line crop mrp/sale calculator, the energy changed. 
They stopped asking viewing coding as a mountain to climb and  started asking me if basic code like this was the building blocks of websites and interfaces.
It was amazing to see how, upon situating technical rigor into the local realities of Kerala, my students transformed from intimidated beginners to confident problem-solvers who view code as their own tool. 

OVERALL OPINION 
My students shared that the lessons were 'finally understandable,' noting that the curriculum was paced to be challenging yet manageable. 
Hearing that I was a 'great teacher' was rewarding, but more importantly it confirmed my beliefs that tech needs to be more accessible to include students who have a will to learn but not enough resources.
By carefully crafting a curriculum that could get basic concepts across without choking them with unfamiliar information, I was able to gain favourable responses, engagement and create genuine CS interest.

MEMORABLE THOUGHTS
- "Originally, I only decided to join because Ali was coming. I thought Computer Science would be really boring and hard. 
But it turned out to be fun, the quizes you conducted were really cool and I loved competing with others to see who can get the answer the quickest. 
Your way of explaining concepts and repeating them as many times as needed made me really grateful."

- "Actually Im a bio student with a fear of coding but an interest in CS. Expensive outside classes for coding weren't an option so these classes were very useful. 
They were free and online which made them easy to attend. And the method of teaching, made it so I could follow along easily even if i didn't have my own laptop."

- "One part I sturggled with was if/elif logic. I couldn't properly understand what difference it would make if I used multiple if statements instead of if + elif. 
But the way you explained it using "group" analogies and showing me flowchart diagrams really made me understand it perfectly. I also love the quiz sessions you conduct at the end of every lesson.
It's really useful to check how much I truly understood and which concepts are still confusing."
